[docs] Add info on post_install.sh -e (#5725)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ysql/extensions.md

```sh
$ cp -v "$(pg_config --pkglibdir)"/*postgis*.so "$(yb_pg_config --pkglibdir)" && 
  cp -v "$(pg_config --sharedir)"/extension/*postgis*.sql "$(yb_pg_config --sharedir)"/extension && 
  cp -v "$(pg_config --sharedir)"/extension/*postgis*.control "$(yb_pg_config --sharedir)"/extension
```

> On Linux systems, PostGIS libraries have dependencies which must also be installed. Use the
> extensions option to the post-install tool (available on 2.3.2+ releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux systems, PostGIS libraries have dependencies that must also be installed. Use the
extensions option to the post-install tool, available on 2.3.2 (or later) releases.
```
